There are many merchants that Geralt encounters in his travels through Vizima and environs. Some are specialists, others are generalists and a few a just opportunists.  Antiquaries, for books and scrolls. Blacksmiths and not just their helpers sell weapons and related products. Jewelers, for Jewelry as well as other gifts. Wait staff, otherwise known as waitresses, in Inns sell food and drink and often grease, for blade coatings. Druids also tend to be merchants.    Blacksmith shops and stands Inns and taverns Merchant Street Marketplace Dark alley Druids' grove Druids' cave     Declan Leuvaarden Abigail Elder druid Haren Brogg Hermit Julian Kalkstein Murky Waters healer Thaler Vaska Gardener       Abigail Declan Leuvaarden Haren Brogg Inn in the Outskirts and surrounding palisade Vesna and the waitress at the inn Antiquary Viziman herbalist Blacksmith the meat vendor in the Outskirts    Declan Leuvaarden the gardener Kalkstein Order Armorer and Order Merchant Malcolm Stein and the Trader Thaler Vaska Elder druid in the Druids' grove Fisherman at the landing in the swamp waitress at The Hairy Bear Temple Quarter marketplace The Peddler The Peasant trader The Antiquary The Herbalist    All merchants in Chapter II, except Thaler and Declan Leuvaarden the non-guild armorer in New Narakort Square in the Trade Quarter bar wench at the Gamblers' den Trade Quarter marketplace Salt Square Alchemist Booze vendor Zerrikanian trader Tanners Square Bookseller Arms dealer The Alley along the Walls Butcher Fishmonger Merchant (Jewelry)    Abigail or the Murky Waters healer Baker in Murky Waters Hermit Julian Murky Waters blacksmith Blacksmith's son The waitress at the Country Inn    Kalkstein the fence in Old Vizima the Scoia'tael quartermaster in Old Vizima, near the Gate to the Dike the Order quartermaster in Old Vizima, near the Breach in the wall Druids in the Druids' cave    This journal entry pertains only to one of two mutually exclusive encounters that Geralt has in the Trade Quarter with a noblewoman.  "Vizima's Trade Quarter - rich townspeople with sophisticated tastes and knowledge of the newest fashions." The first is a woman in a vermilion dress (over a white chemise, with purple trim on her headdress), found near the jester on John Natalis Square. She wants you to prove your manliness, either by presenting her with a kikimore claw or by offering her an insultingly low fee (0 works). The other option is a (possibly drunk) woman in white, near the town hall, who uses a "missing" silk scarf to start a conversation with the witcher.      