Corinne Tilly was an oneiromancer, a sorceress specialized in dream interpretation, that Geralt met when he was looking for Ciri in Novigrad.    In 1272, like many mages, Corinne went into hiding from the witch hunters but, still needing to make money, she occasionally came out of hiding to do some odd jobs in the city. At one point she was hired by Rudolf de Jonkheer to use her abilities to learn the history of a haunted house the banker had recently purchased. However, when she went in and started to dream, Sarah, a godling that'd been secretly living in the house and only made it appear haunted to scare the banker away, put Corinne under a spell so the mage had nightmares instead. She was eventually released from the spell thanks to Geralt, who'd dropped in to ask her for her assistance in finding Ciri. Thankful, she agreed to help and to meet her at her room at The Golden Sturgeon. Once she'd recovered from her ordeal at the house, Corinne used her abilities and helped Geralt get one step closer to finding Ciri by placing him in a dream state. After Geralt mentioned he saw that Ciri had sought out Dandelion, Corinne pointed him to the Rosemary and Thyme, a brothel in the city that the bard had inherited.  If Geralt told Rudolf de Jonkheer the house was haunted: While initially annoyed at the godling that caused her to have nightmares, Corinne soon realized she and Sarah were kindred spirits and so Corinne bought the house from the banker, with the two outcasts being happier living together than they were apart. Later that year, Geralt turned to Corinne for her services when he had to convince Ge'els of Eredin's regicide of Auberon Muircetach. She helped them voluntarily, and without her realising it, made it easier to defeat Eredin.    Oneiromancy, the magic art deciphering the past and the future as they appear in dreams, is difficult for even a highly trained sorceress to master. Those born with the latent, however, excel at it without any formal education. Such was the case of Corinne Tilly, whose fame as a dreamer, as such diviners are known, had spread far and wide This gifted woman could not only dream of past events herself, but also induce revelatory dreams in persons searching for direction or answers to specific questions. These abilities proved to be of great use to Geralt in his search.    She could be related to Condwiramurs Tilly from the novels. For reasons unknown, Corinne didn't seem to flee Novigrad with fellow sorcerers during the quest Now or Never. She can still be found in the Golden Sturgeon after the exodus.   