Newboy was one of the members of Crinfrid Reavers in 1271. As Kennet puts it, Newboy was "apprenticing" with them and since the Reavers hadn't had much luck with monsters of late, they'd enlisted in Foltest's army.    Right before the assault on La Valette Castle, Newboy accepted a wager with a knight that he could survive the upcoming fight in just his shirt and knickers due to the protective effect of an amulet of dubious origin.  If Geralt recommends not trusting the amulet: Deciding the witcher's advice was more solid than the amulet, Newboy put on his armor and managed to survive the assault on the castle. As further thanks to the witcher for his advice, he also helped Geralt escape the dungeons by causing a distraction, as well as revealing information the other Reavers glimpsed of the kingslayer: that he was working with the Scoia'tael and one of the elves was named Iorveth. If Geralt recommends trusting the amulet: Unfortunately, Newboy met his end during the assault on the castle.    If Geralt decides the pendant is useless: This soldier had acquired an allegedly miraculous amulet and truly believed its power would protect him from any and all harm. Recognizing that the pendant was useless, Geralt informed Newboy of this fact. Grateful for the warning provided earlier, Newboy not only believed that Geralt was innocent, but helped the witcher avoid the guards. And thus honesty had proved to be the best policy - which is true sometimes, at least. If Geralt gets caught by guards during the end of prologue: Grateful for the warning provided earlier, the soldier believed Geralt was innocent. Though he strove to help our hero avoid the guards, a fight broke out and Newboy died crossing blades with the witcher. If Geralt refuses to help the Crinfrid Reavers: This soldier had acquired an allegedly miraculous amulet and truly believed its power would protect him from any and all harm. Geralt did not have the time or patience to discuss the trinket, so Newboy went into battle without his armor, clad only in the faith that he was invulnerable. If Geralt decides the pendant is useful / refuses to help the Crinfrid Reavers: Either his faith was too weak or the amulet, even if magical, served a different purpose. Newboy fell during the assault on La Valette Castle.         